===================================================
API |contract version| Release, September 30, 2014 
===================================================

Cloud Networks was originally released using the Cloud Servers the Nova-Network API, whose 
operations are detailed in the   
:rax-devdocs:`Network extension <cloud-servers/v2/developer-guide/#document-extensions/ext-network>`.

Now Rackspace Cloud Networks has been released using the Neutron API |contract version|, 
detailed in this guide. We recommend that you use the Neutron API operations even though 
the Nova-Network API operations still work. For information that helps you determine which 
method is better for you, see :ref:`Networking: neutron versus nova-network <neutron-vs-nova>`.

What's new
----------

- 	Networks: A network is an isolated virtual layer-2 broadcast domain that is typically 
	reserved for the tenant who created it, unless the network is configured to be shared. 
	Tenants can create up to 10 networks per region.

	In the Networks API |contract version|, the network is the main entity. Ports and subnets 
	are always associated with a network.

- 	Subnets: A subnet represents an IP address block that can be used to assign IP addresses 
	to virtual instances. Each subnet must have a CIDR and must be associated with a network. 
	IP addresses can be selected either from the whole subnet CIDR or from allocation pools 
	that can be specified by the user.

	A subnet can also optionally have a gateway, a list of DNS name servers, and host routes. 
	This information is pushed to the cloud servers whose ports are associated with the subnet, 
	as long as the ports or servers were created after the subnet was created.

- 	Ports: A port represents a virtual switch port on a logical network switch. Cloud servers 
	attach their interfaces into ports. The logical port also defines the MAC address and the 
	IP addresses, to be assigned to the interfaces plugged into them. When IP addresses are 
	associated with a port, the port is associated with a subnet, because the IP address was 
	taken from the allocation pool for a specific subnet.

Resolved issues
---------------
|no changes|

Known issues
------------
|no changes|