.. _cn-v2-20140930:

API |contract version| release, September 30, 2014
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Cloud Networks service was originally released using the OpenStack
Nova-Network API, and its operations are detailed in the
:rax-devdocs:`Network extension
<cloud-servers/v2/extensions/ext-network/>`.

Now Rackspace Cloud Networks has been released using the OpenStack Neutron API
|contract version|, and its operations are detailed in this guide. We recommend
that you use the Neutron API operations even though the Nova-Network API
operations still work. For information that helps you determine which method is
better for you, see :ref:`Networking: neutron versus nova-network
<neutron-vs-nova>`.

What's new
----------

- A *network* is an isolated virtual layer-2 broadcast domain that is
  typically reserved for the tenant who created it, unless the network is
  configured to be shared. Tenants can create up to 10 networks per region.

  In the Networks API |contract version|, the network is the main entity.
  Ports and subnets are always associated with a network.

- A *subnet* represents an IP address block that can be used to assign IP
  addresses to virtual instances. Each subnet must have a CIDR and must be
  associated with a network. IP addresses can be selected either from the
  whole subnet CIDR or from allocation pools that can be specified by the
  user.

  A subnet can also optionally have a gateway, a list of DNS name servers, and
  host routes. This information is pushed to the cloud servers whose ports are
  associated with the subnet, as long as the ports or servers were created
  after the subnet was created.

- A *port* represents a virtual switch port on a logical network switch. Cloud
  servers attach their interfaces into ports. The logical port also defines
  the MAC address and the IP addresses, to be assigned to the interfaces that
  are plugged into them. When IP addresses are associated with a port, the
  port is associated with a subnet, because the IP address was taken from the
  allocation pool for a specific subnet.

Resolved issues
---------------
|no changes|

Known issues
------------
|no changes|